Fix and clarify Ghost sourcing page (#19411)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-ghost.md

## Generating pages

> Once the source plugin is set up, you can use the [`createPages` API](/docs/node-apis/#createPages) in `gatsby-node.js` to create queries on your Ghost data with GraphQL. In this example, Gatsby iterates over each post returned by the Ghost API and generates a new page with that data, using the `post.js` template file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the source plugin is set up, you can use the [`createPages` API](/docs/node-apis/#createPages) in `gatsby-node.js` to run queries against your Ghost data with GraphQL. In this example, Gatsby iterates over each post returned by the Ghost API and generates a new page with that data, using the `post.js` template file.
```
